To test our application,
I've made it even easier by going out and just opening up
Postman to do a post back against my server.
I'm not even going through the user interface yet.
So you can see inside of here, I've got a URL of localhost:8080/conference/user.
And inside of there, I am putting in the params,
firstname equals Bob, lastname equals Builder,
age equals 44, and it does rewrite my URL to use those params.
And when I click Send, it'll go through and send that to my server.
Let's switch over to our IDE and see what the output was on our console.
Opening up our logs, we can see that it executed that SQL like we expected it to,
and it's got all the debug information associated with it.
Let's verify what actually went out to our database.
In my MySQL Workbench query window, if I just enter in select * from
CONF_USERS and then run the query of the SQL underneath the cursor,
you can see that it pulls up with Bob the Builder,
and I've ran it a couple of times so I've got that
entry in there more than once.
If you get an error that there's no schema selected,
you need to right‑click on your schema and say Set as
Default Schema, and then you can run it.
That catches me off guard from time to time.
But we have actually wired up all of our application.
Let's walk through all those pieces again.
We had our Postman where we did a post against our URL, went with our
firstname parameter, lastname, and age, clicked Send,
which in turn goes to our controller.
Our controller has a post mapping where we injected in
the userService that we created,
which was auto wired up above. The userService was annotated as a service
and had auto wired into it the userRepository. And the userRepository had
the PersistenceContext injected into it.
We had to annotate our UserServiceImpl with Transactional
for everything to be allowed to persist.
So you always start your transactions at your service tier,
and it carries through all your repositories.
The reason for that is if we had two, three, four
repositories injected into our service tier, that transaction could start and span across those multiple repositories.